detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a romantic comedy film called
cashback spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
listless art student ben willis lives
out his college days with his dear
girlfriend susie until one day
he makes the mistake of breaking up with
her then recounts the breakup to be as
devastating as a car crash
for him time slowed down as susie went
on a rage after hearing that he wants to
break up with her
dopey-eyed and unmotivated ben drags
through the following days in a slog in
the aftermath of the breakup
susie quickly found solace in a guy
named steve much to ben's disappointment
during lunch in the cafeteria ben spots
susie and her new boyfriend as he makes
his way to a loan table
he is eventually joined by his friend
sean who asks about his breakup with
susie
ben explains that susie was always
looking for something better whether
it's a better party or a better
boyfriend to move on to
since ben didn't think that he could
make her happy he chose to break things
off with her
in response sean suggests that ben
should date a beautiful girl
perhaps a model he reasons that if ben
were dating a beautiful model
susie would feel competitive and try to
win ben back ben takes this advice with
a grain of salt as he recalls the
various instances where sean had been
dismissed by a woman
later on ben attends one of his art
classes one of them has him sketching a
portrait of a nude man modeling in front
of a class
while beginning his sketch he catches
the eye of a beautiful girl across the
room
ben's entranced by her and soon he finds
himself sketching the outline of her jaw
the curve of her lips and her big blue
and beautiful eyes
his enchantments dispelled by his art
teacher who urges him to focus on the
nude model in front of him as it would
be rude not to sketch the voluntarily
naked man in front of them
during the next few days it becomes
apparent that ben isn't taking the break
up well
he loses sleep over this and now he's
left with a full 24 hours to ruminate on
his failed relationship with susie
to make things worse ben's haunted by
the several echoes of lovemaking through
the college dorm walls that permeated
his room
pushing him further into the harsh
reality that he is now all alone
overcame by his regret then finally
gives susie a call
despite his attempts to reconcile with
her susie firmly answers that their
relationships already run its course
this sends ben spiraling deeper in his
despair for the next couple of nights
ben does his best to keep himself busy
during his free time both in the day and
in the night when he's plagued by
insomnia
during one of his nighttime
misadventures ben happens upon a local
supermarket
in the supermarket ben sees a flyer
indicating that the store's looking for
someone to man the night shift
finally ben's found the perfect solution
to keep himself busy at night it isn't
long until ben scored an interview with
the manager
and soon he's an official employee of
sainsbury's supermarket
as his employer jenkins is about to
shake his hand all ben could think of is
that something's about to change in his
life
during his night shift ben's been
staring at a spilled bag of peas for a
considerable amount of time
jenkins comes by and scolds him for
staring at the peas and not doing
anything
this startles been awake from his
catatonic state but he's immediately
distracted by a beautiful woman reaching
for something while her shorts are
lifted to reveal her undergarments
at this point ben thinks about how much
he loves painting the female form
to him there's some kind of hidden power
that the female body holds
and most women carry this unknowingly
this is when jenkins slaps ben on the
head
prompting him to finally clean up the
bag of peas as ben becomes accustomed to
his new job
he notes how each of his co-workers
handles the art of passing the time
sharon ponte the cashier lady exhibits
the most fundamental aspect of time
passing
avoiding the clock and never looking at
it then there's barry brick brickman
who approaches the problem differently
bricks mastered the art of doing
anything besides work
in tandem with his foolish misdemeanor
is his friend matt stevens
one of their running gags is slipping a
recreational adult toy in the shopping
baskets of women
once they are at the checkout counter
barry and matt would curiously watch
whether each woman would purchase the
adult toy when some of them do purchase
it
it would put a smile on their faces the
only one who doesn't engage in the art
of time passing is their boss
jenkins jenkins didn't need to pass the
time because he relishes every moment
pandering to his egoistical sense of
self
talking ceaselessly about his life to
the board employees
of all the night shift employees van has
the most unusual way of passing the time
in the throes of his deep melancholy ben
dissociates himself from time and
reality
he imagines that time is still and
unmoving he pauses everything that is
around him
letting him be free to do what he
pleases at this point
ben thinks more about his appreciation
of the female body
when ben was very young their family had
taken in a guest
a foreign exchange student from sweden
because of the liberated sensibilities
of the swedish culture
the woman did not find it necessary to
wear any clothes during the walk from
the shower to her room
for ben it was only partly perverse
mostly
he had looked at the woman's body with a
deep and genuine appreciation for her
beauty
ben notes that this event was what
influenced him to become a painter
during ben's world of frozen time he
would frequently disrobe the beautiful
women in the supermarket and on each
aisle
he would sketch their bodies one by one
fully focused on their bear beauty
when he was ready all ben needed to do
was crack his fingers
and he could return time to its normal
course back at his dorm during the
morning
ben is visited by his friend sean ben
recounts a story of when he and sean
were five
one afternoon shawn's mother went out
shopping leaving the two boys alone
sean had the idea of showing ben some
dirty magazines that his parents had
hidden in a drawer
ben was surprised by how the women posed
naked in such a shameless manner and
didn't quite understand it
suddenly shawn's mother walked into the
room sean rushed to hide the magazines
back in the drawer
and the two boys walked up to sean's
mother and the both of them were
unknowingly hard
this led to sean's mother believing that
the two of them were gay
that morning at the dorm sean gives his
word of advice to ben once more
sean tells him he should find a few
natalies to sean
and natalie is a woman to have a
one-night stand with the terminology
came from an instance when they were
young
shawn had figured out that the women in
the dirty magazines were mainly stripped
naked because they were being offered a
large sum of money
with this newfound knowledge in mind
sean brought a wad of cash to a girl
named natalie
in exchange natalie would show her
private parts to sean
soon natalie became popular with the
young boys in their neighborhood
and all of them lined up with money in
their hands during another night's shift
ben encounters sharon in the locker room
the cute and charming sharon takes a
bite out of ben's sandwich
a piece of pickle sticks to sharon's
cheek so then awkwardly tries to tell
her to wipe it off
but she keeps missing it ben meekly
wipes the bit of food from her face
and they share a smile before sharon
leaves the room ben wants to stop that
moment and live in it for a week
but he's only able to slow it down some
time later
ben finds out that matt had asked sharon
out on a date which disappointed him
ben then notes how strange it is that
the word crush is used for both warm
attraction and a heavy disappointment
ben then enumerates the crushes that
he's had in his life
his main crush was a girl named tanya
greene when they were in elementary
tanya had gotten into an accident that
ended with a cast on her left arm
ben notes that what held his fascination
the most about tanya was how she handled
the cast with faultless grace
the day that tanya got her cast off she
was bullied by her classmates because
the hairs in her arm had overgrown
ben approached her when she was crying
and cheered her up because of this
tanya became ben's girlfriend one
afternoon
ben and tonya were on the verge of their
first kiss but ben postponed it for a
later time
ben would regret this decision forever
as tanya and her parents had moved to
america the day after
one evening jenkins has arranged for a
weekend football game
in which he forcibly recruits his
employees to participate
during the football game sharon's on the
side cheering for the team jenkins's
team paled in comparison to the other
team
and what comes after is one of the most
ridiculously pathetic performances ever
put on
during the final minute of the game the
score is 26-0
jenkins asks for a timeout and settles
for at least a single point as he riles
up the team for one last shot
sadly jenkins misses the shot by a hair
and the ball bounces off to matt
he tries to kick it back to the goal but
it hits jenkins square in the face
after this jenkins lies on the floor
with a bleeding mouth
matt takes jenkins to the hospital and
the rest of the crew go home
leaving ben and sharon alone together
van and sharon stop by a nearby diner
and the two of them get to know each
other better there ben discovers that
matt didn't sleep with sharon
she then shares her dreams with ben and
ben is the same
sharon says that she's always wanted to
meet a painter because she imagines that
they could see the beauty of things
and that thought was romantic to her
that night the two catch a fondness for
each other
then walks sharon home and ben messes up
their first kiss by awkwardly kissing
her on the cheek instead
the following day jenkins announces that
he'll be having a birthday party soon
and he's inviting everyone sharon asks
ben to go with her to the party as her
date
and an overjoyed ben agrees later on
jenkins tasked ben with hiring a
surprise stripper for his birthday party
for this he enlists shawn's help and in
exchange
then will take him to the party sean
takes ben to a strip club and sean
proceeds to recruit a stripper
the entire time that ben is there all he
could think of is sharon
he imagines sharon in the corner
shrouded in darkness lit only by a
glowing pole
sharon's dressed in a provocative black
outfit as she dances around the pole
while staring into ben's eyes
and ben is completely mesmerized the
night before the party
sharon checks in with ben if he still
wanted to go with her ben says yes
and sharon kisses him the gravity and
the importance of that kiss could only
be fully appreciated by stating that
it's the one thing that finally helped
ben sleep
that evening ben sleeps until the next
afternoon after having been awake for
four straight weeks
van is then woken up by a phone call
from a man who wishes to put his art on
display in a gallery
sadly it's just matt and brick playing
another one of their pranks
ben reports that he doesn't think about
susie very much anymore
and during work hours he even stopped
thinking of the beautiful women there
all that's on his mind is sharon in the
world of frozen time
he draws sharon over and over totally
enamored by her beauty
it's the night of the party and everyone
is preparing
ben picks up sharon from her apartment
and he excitedly tells her about the
offer he got from the gallery
sharon is happy for him and the two
proceed to the party
the party is already well underway when
ben and sharon arrived
sean is getting turned down by a girl
again matt and brick are dancing
ridiculously
and jenkins is at the dj station ben is
surprised to see susie at the party
and he finds out that her boyfriend
steve is jenkins his brother
after an awkward encounter with susie
ben and sharon go on to enjoy the party
eventually the surprise stripper comes
in she dances in the middle of the room
and directly in front of jenkins giving
him a lap dance
after the dance the stripper goes up to
sean he recognizes her
and funnily enough the stripper is
actually natalie from sean's childhood
they greet each other and the two of
them hit it off near instantly
while ben is waiting in line for the
upstairs bathroom susie approaches him
meanwhile sharon is waiting downstairs
with jenkins trying to make a move on
her again
as for brick he's set to do a stunt that
involves him riding a box down a flight
of stairs
everyone gathers around the stairs to
watch brick at this point
susie kisses ben in an attempt to
reconcile with him
at this moment sharon had looked over
the upper floor because brick was about
to slide down the stairs
sharon sees the kiss between ben and
susie making her storm off in a rage
ben pushes susie away and he rushes
towards sharon who is now about to leave
for the door
ben stops time once again and he
realizes that no matter how long he
stays frozen
he cannot undo what happened ben stays
there by sharon's side for two days
before letting her go
ben goes straight to sharon's apartment
and tries to explain everything to her
but sharon is too blinded by her anger
ben leaves her apartment and for the
next few days
he spirals into his insomnia once again
additionally
ben doesn't see sharon at work too the
day comes when ben
visits the art gallery that matt and
brick pretended to call from the art
gallery owner denies having an
appointment with him
making him realize that he had just been
pranked but before ben leaves
the owner spots his sketches of sharon
in his hands the owner becomes
interested
and not long after ben is offered a
night to display his work in the gallery
one day sharon receives an official
invitation to ben's art display titled a
frozen second
despite her initial anger with ben she
decides to visit the gallery once she
arrived that evening
she is surprised to see that each
artwork there is about her with hundreds
of different paintings all depicting her
as sharon stands in awe she catches
ben's attention and they lock eyes
ben tries to explain once again what had
happened at the party
but sharon tells him he doesn't need to
explain the art display expresses more
than what words could
then then kisses sharon and time stops
but this time
both ben and sharon can move in the
frozen world ben takes sharon out in the
snow with a thousand snowflakes
suspended in the air
the lovers share a kiss once more in the
world of frozen time
ben thinks about how love is always
there if you look for it and at once in
a while
you have to stop for a minute or else
you might miss it
detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a romantic
comedy film called cashback spoilers
ahead
watch out and take care listless art